when George Wilson onda and rider and
welcome and venality i'm going to show
you some very quick easy fast simple
Italian recipes okay the one we're going
to do today is called piminy Asamoah
infocom so is thin pasta with a smoked
salmon and vodka sauce it's actually in
Italian recipe however some of the
ingredients are not Italian such as
vodka and smoked salmon okay so let's go
ahead see how this works so the
ingredients that we have to make this
recipe are very basic very simple we
have some smoked salmon this is some
smoked salmon that I picked up from a
local grocery store so I'm sure you
wouldn't have Charles trouble finding it
it's about six to eight ounces the
portions here are good for about four
people okay chives are going to be used
at the very end for decoration I have a
shallot that is a to have a small onion
it's very very flavorful more intense
than regular onion I have about two
tablespoons of butter tomato paste I'm
going to be using about a tablespoon of
tomato paste the reason why these back
is because I get a flavor from the
tomato without having necessarily all
the moisture and lick lick from this
meal um vodka and i also have heavy
cream and which is going to make it as a
nice rich dish and also some frozen
parsley that I keep in the facility to
the freezer all the time so that's very
handy okay so the first thing I'm going
to do is I'm going to drop up and put it
on medium heat and I'm going to put just
a splash of extra virgin olive oil just
a little bit okay so that's maybe a
teaspoon and again i'm gonna be using
butter so i'm going to
in the olive oil the reason why I do use
a little bit of olive oil is because
it's going to keep the butter from
burning so while that melts okay I'm
gonna fit I'm going to go ahead and chop
the shout it I have a lot of a ton of
stable friends and their excuse is
always well I'm not really cooking just
for myself you know it's so time
consuming I'm just I'm gonna do that oh
this is really a no excuse recipe it's
just it's just too easy too quick not to
not to do it okay and upset because
we're making vanilla vodka I'm upset
because I just chopped a shallot hey so
I've chopped my Sheldon's manage not
cutting fingers and I'm throwing in the
I'm just going to let these simmer a
little bit and just brown a little bit
okay while the onions are browning I'm
just going to cut this into small strips
as best as you know how doesn't have to
be perfect but it does need to be quick
i'm going to go ahead and throw about
half the salmon in okay chopped off okay
you can ensure that a little bit right
this part so let me tell you if you are
going to make this recipe at home you
want to help you watch them so let the
loop it okay i'm actually going to be
using about three quarter of a cup
we put in the vodka and we're just gonna
let it reduce a little bit technically
you could do a little flambé action get
inflamed both going but in fulfilling
this in my home I want to set the house
on fire commit to get that okay so we're
ready to put into the tomato paste and
again this is fascinates a fast recipe i
melted the tomato a little bit and I'm
going to throw in about three quarters
of a cup of heavy cream into the sauce
I'm going to we're going to lower the
heat little bit i'm going to throw in
the parsley this is actually fresh
parsley that i previously pros so i just
keep it in the freezer what I need to ok
and now I'm throwing in the chives I'm
throwing in the remaining famine that
I've got chopped up here
I can turn off the heat I'm just gonna
sprinkle some a little bit of salt
there's actually like salt in smoked
salmon already so I'm not going to fit
as much just a little bit of flavor and
freshly ground pepper that's all okay
I'm just going to throw it directly into
my case oh you want to make sure you
taste them make sure there's salt and
they're all set just some freshly ground
pepper okay and we're done penne alla
vodka someone a coma castle one of the
people to see got the enjoy